docs: make clear that any access token expiry dates are ignored (#2644)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/sessions.md

The "cookie-expire" value should be equal to the lifetime of the Refresh-Token that is issued by the OAuth2 authorization server.
If it expires earlier and is deleted by the browser, OAuth2 Proxy cannot find the stored Refresh-Tokens in Redis and thus cannot start
the refresh flow to get a new Access-Token. If it is longer, it might be that the old Refresh-Token will be found in Redis but has already
expired.

The "cookie-refresh" value controls when OAuth2 Proxy tries to refresh an Access-Token. If it is set to "0", the

> Access-Token will never be refreshed, even it is already expired and a valid Refresh-Token is avilable. If set, OAuth2 Proxy will
> refresh the Access-Token after this many seconds whether it is still valid or not. OAuth2 Proxy does not check for any expiry date
> contained within the Access-Token. If your Access-Tokens expire and you have not set a corresponding "cookie-refresh" value, you will
> likely encounter expiry issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access-Token will never be refreshed, even if it is already expired and a valid Refresh-Token is available. If set, OAuth2 Proxy will
refresh the Access-Token after this many seconds whether it is still valid or not. As Access-Tokens are not required to have a specific format OAuth2 Proxy cannot check for any expiry date without an introspection endpoint. If an Access-Token expires and you have not set a corresponding "cookie-refresh" value, you will
likely encounter expiry issues.
```
